Integrate OAuth 0.13.0 (#8802)
strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator: CHANGELOG.md

* Update OpenTelemetry 1.19.0
* Fixed ordering of JVM performance options [#8579](https://github.com/strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator/issues/8579)
* Log a warning when a KafkaTopic has no spec [#8465](https://github.com/strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator/issues/8465)

> * Update Strimzi OAuth library to 0.13.0

Reviewer: Is there any special thing, bug fixed or new feature that we should mention here as sub-topics?

Author: Maybe we could say:
```suggestion
* Updated Strimzi OAuth library to 0.13.0 with better support for KRaft, and some new features and bug fixes.
```

Author: Actually I can improve the Description in this PR ... describe the added config options, and add a link to PR:
```suggestion
* Updated Strimzi OAuth library to 0.13.0 [#8802](https://github.com/strimzi/strimzi-kafka-operator/issues/8802)
```

Reviewer 2: I think it is better to use the first one rather than link to a PR.

Reviewer 2: That said, `some new features and bug fixes` is more or less meaning less. So I think you do not need to add it. Also, is the KRaft support via the operator actually functional? Did you tried it?

Reviewer: Agree, I would leave `some new features and bug fixes` out unless you list all of them :-)
I would leave just the the one related to KRaft.

Author: > Also, is the KRaft support via the operator actually functional? Did you tried it?
That's a good point. Let me try it.

Author: Works like a charm.

Reviewer 2: Maybe you can in that case use something like this in the CHANGELOG?
```
* Updated Strimzi OAuth library to 0.13.0 with KRaft support
```

Reviewer 2: Oh, I see ou already pushed it ... it looks fine. No need to use the suggestion above.
